# FinalYearProject

ONTOLOGY BASED PERSONALIZED COURSE RECOMMENDATION SYSTEM
---------------------------------------------------------
Most universities offer a wide range of courses in which students can enrol. As a result students may feel overwhelmed with many possibilities and large amount of information, resulting in having a difficult time deciding what to sign up for. To this end, there is a need for a system that can assist students. In this crucial process. Collaborative recommenders are known to be useful for finding similarities between students and course combinations that they have taken. Thus, we set out to develop a web-based recommender’s application that could generate a list of valuable, accurate course recommendations, taking into account a student’s likelihood of succeeding academically. Furthermore, studies have shown that, the student’s choices are influenced by their background, personal interest and career interest. The process of choosing course can be incredibly tedious and extremely complicated. So a personalized recommendation system can be effective way to suggesting a relevant courses to the perspective students. Artificial intelligence methods develop in the beginning of research are now being applied to information retrieval systems. Recommended system provide a promising approach to information filtering as they helps user to find the most appropriate items. Based on the needs of each user. This recommendation can give us a single platform to find the course which is best suitable for the individual user.
